Ma Linglong is already married
Are you trying to force her to divorce and remarry?
What can't you do?
How dare you have an opinion
Are you trying to rebel?
So what?
Your Shangguan family uses your granddaughter as a marriage tool
It's better if the Shangguan family doesn't stay
This is a matter for our Shangguan family.
How can I get you to be a soft rice eater talking here?
Here we go.
second brother
This is the good son-in-law you usually teach?
Your daughter is ruining our family
Now I refuse to
Hmm, I think you're a loser
Which of you has been considered by Linglong?
I can't wait to be a family interest
Linglong is my daughter
He is also the next generation of the Shangguan family
It's not a tool for everyone to compete for money and profit
Since Linglong identified Ye Feng
The adults have to blame it.
Our second house bears all the blame
Go to official text
If you dare to walk out of this door today
Never mind the Shangguan family's surname in the future
Go mom
This dick is completely going to turn against us
To keep the Shangguan family
You have to cut ties with them
We can't offend the officials anymore
Okay, from now on
Shangguan Family and Shangguan Sect
And Shangguan Linglong cut off all ties
No more connection